### Hi 👋, I'm Shy Victor
My name is Victor, I'm 19 years old and I'm passionate about computing and security. 
I am currently a student of Astrophysics, working on some separate projects that cause my fun.

<h2> Education </h2>
<b>Electronics Technician</b> (2018-2020)</br>
<b>Bachelor of Theoretical Physics</b> (2021-)</br>
<b>Specialization in Deep Learning and Neural Networks</b> (IA Expert Academy 2021-)<br>
Proficiency in <b>Russian A2 language</b> by <b>CEFR</b> (2020)<br>

<h2>Projects</h2>
<b><h3>FPS Game Aimbot using Deep Learning </h3></b>
An artificial intelligence model trained to simulate the movements (measured in angular variation) of a human mouse in a cheat for FPS games. Still in the experimental phase.

<h3>Neural network in a hypothetical object collision experiment in space</h3>
<justify>Hypothetically, imagine two abstract objects wandering through space, the first one being the pursuer of the second, and that they have a variable speed in an elliptical orbit. every thirty seconds, there are gravitational fields, B and A that become responsible for changing the speed of both constructs in the orbit, decreasing or improving their induced accordingly with the pressure exerted - randomly generated by gravitational fields. This code is intended to use Machine Learning (artificial intelligence) to create a huge dataset (separated by moments) containing this information from the hypothetical experiment and predict in at which point the q supplied by B and A will cancel, consequently causing the end of the software.</justify>

<b><h3> General </h3></b>
Currently working in industrial automation and microcontrollers. Experience with <b>PIC (18F4520)</b>, <b>Arduino</b>, <b>PLC (CLP SIMATIC S7-1200)</b>, <b>ESP32</b>.

<b><h2>Tech</h2> </b>
Experience in microcontrollers (Arduino, ESP32, MikroC PRO for PIC18F4550, PLC Ladder) and their respective software <br>
Experience with Proteus, CADSimu, AutoCad and complete Office package. <br>
Experience with software programming (Java & Python, environments such as IntelliJ, PyCHarm, Tensorflow and Pandas) to automate tasks and work with IoT. <br>
Experience in basic web programming (HTML, PHP, CSS and its frameworks like Tailwind, Bootstrap and Laravel) <br>
NR-10 Safety in Electricity Facilities and Services (Training Brazilian 2020) <br>
Python, Java, MySQL, Google Cloud, MySQLi, SQLite, MariaDB, Maven general experience <br>

